# Chimera state in Multiplex Network

## Model:Kuramoto Oscillators 

Code File: Kuramoto_multiplex.jl

Input: alpha, the phase lag parameter ('α'), taken from the range [0 < α < π]

Output: Time Series of phases of all *N* nodes in [*N* x 1] vector for a particular time-step in the steady state. Note that, in the code, all phase values are wrapped (mod 2π) in the [-π,π] envelop. 

In the following, we write specific values of α for generateing figures of the manuscript:

* **Final_state.png** depicting snapshot of *Chimera state* for kuramoto Oscilators for *α = 1.43* (Data File: Final_state.txt). Different [*N*x1] vectors i.e. snapshots can be generated by using different initial conditions, by considering states at different time-steps and by changing α values in the neibourhood of the value mentioned above.

* **Final_Frequency.png** depicting the observed frequency profile of *Chimera state* for kuramoto Oscilators for *α = 1.43* (Data File: Fig_1b.dat), *α = 1.5* (Data File: Fig_1c.dat), respectively. Different [*N*x1] vectors, used for the traininng (table 1) and testing (table 2) ML algorithims are generated by using different initial conditions, by considering states at different time-steps and by changing α values in the neibourhood of the value mentioned above.

* **Fig 1d** depicts Coherent state for kuramoto Oscilators for α = 1.65 (Data File: Fig_1d.dat). Different [*N*x1] vectors, used for the traininng (table 1) and testing (table 2) ML algorithims are generated by considering states at different time-steps, and changing α values in the neibourhood of the value mentioned above.
